docs: add enterprise (#4599)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/testkube-enterprise/articles/usage-guide.md

            - [TLS](#tls)
        - [Auth](#auth)
    - [Invitations](#invitations)
        - [Invitations via email](#invitations-via-email)
        - [Auto-accept invitations](#auto-accept-invitations)
    - [Bring Your Own Infra](#bring-your-own-infra)
        - [MongoDB](#mongodb)
        - [NATS](#nats)
        - [MinIO](#minio)
        - [Dex](#dex)
    - [Installation](#installation)
        - [Minimal setup](#minimal-setup)
        - [Production setup](#production-setup)
    - [FAQ](#faq)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

Welcome to the Testkube Enterprise Helm chart installation and usage guide.
This comprehensive guide provides step-by-step instructions for installing and utilizing the Testkube Enterprise Helm chart.
Testkube Enterprise is a cutting-edge Kubernetes-native testing platform designed to optimize your testing and quality assurance processes with enterprise-grade features.

## Prerequisites

Before you proceed with the installation, please ensure that you have the following prerequisites in place:
* Kubernetes cluster (version 1.21+)
* [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/quickstart/) (version 3+)

> * [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) (version 1.11+) - used for TLS certificate management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/) (version 1.11+) - Used for TLS certificate management.
```

* [NGINX Controller](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/) (version v1.8+) - used for Ingress configuration

> * Own a public/private domain for creating Ingress rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Own a public/private domain for creating Ingress rules.
```

> * License Key and/or License File (if offline access is required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* License Key and/or License File, if offline access is required.
```

**NOTE**
While it is possible to use custom TLS certificates for the Testkube Enterprise API and Dashboard,
we strongly recommend using `cert-manager` for easier certificate management.

## Configuration

> ### Docker images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker Images
```

**NOTE**: As of November 2023, Testkube Enterprise Docker images are publicly accessible.
You only need to follow the steps in this section if you wish to re-publish the images to your private Docker registry;
otherwise, you may skip this section.

To begin, ensure that you have access to the Testkube Enterprise API & Dashboard Docker images.
You can either request access from your Testkube representative or upload the Docker image tarball artifacts to a private Docker registry.

Next, create a secret to store your Docker registry credentials:
```bash
kubectl create secret docker-registry testkube-enterprise-registry \
  --docker-server=<your-registry-server> \
  --docker-username=<your-name>          \
  --docker-password=<your-pword>         \
  --docker-email=<your-email>            \
  --namespace=testkube-enterprise
```

Make sure to configure the image pull secrets in your `values.yaml` file:
```helm
global:
  imagePullSecrets:
    - name: testkube-enterprise-registry
```

### License

Select the appropriate license type for your environment.

> For air-gaped & firewalled environments, we offer an option to use an [Offline License](#offline-license) for enhanced security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For air-gapped & firewalled environments, we offer an option to use an [Offline License](#offline-license) for enhanced security.
```

```

#### Configuration

To ensure the reliable functioning of gRPC and Websockets protocols, Testkube Enterprise is locked in with NGINX Ingress Controller.

Below are current configurations per Ingress resource which ensure Testkube Enterprise protocols work performant and reliably.
It is not recommended to change any of these settings!

gRPC Ingress annotations:
```kubernetes
annotations:
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-body-size: 8m
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/client-header-timeout: "10800"
    nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/client-body-timeout: "10800"
```

Websockets Ingress annotations:
```kubernetes
annotations:
  nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-read-timeout: "3600"
  nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-send-timeout: "3600"
  nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/server-snippets: |
    location / {
      proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
      proxy_http_version 1.1;
      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Host $http_host;
      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $remote_addr;
      proxy_set_header Host $host;
      proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
      proxy_cache_bypass $http_upgrade;
    }
```

> If you want to use a different Ingress Controller, we kindly ask you to reach out and discuss with our support team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a different Ingress Controller, please reach out to our support team.
```
Can we add a link to how to contact the Support team here?

#### Domain

Testkube Enterprise requires a domain (public or internal) under which it will expose the following services:
* Dashboard -> `https://dashboard.<your-domain>`
* REST API -> `https://api.<your-domain>`
* Websocket API -> `wss://websockets.<your-domain>`
* gRPC API -> `grpc://agent.<your-domain>`

#### TLS

> For best performance, TLS should be terminated at application level (Testkube Enterprise API) instead of NGINX/Ingress level because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For best the performance, TLS should be terminated at the application level (Testkube Enterprise API) instead of NGINX/Ingress level because
```

If `cert-manager` (check the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) for installation guide) is installed in your cluster, it should be configured to issue certificates for the configured domain by using `Issuer` or `ClusterIssuer` resource.
Testkube Enterprise Helm chart needs the following config in that case:
```helm
global:
  certificateProvider: "cert-manager"
  certManager:
    issuerRef: <issuer|clusterissuer name>
```

By default, Testkube Enterprise uses a `ClusterIssuer` `cert-manager` resource, that can be changed by setting the `testkube-cloud-api.api.tls.certManager.issuerKind` field to `Issuer`.

If `cert-manager` is not installed in your cluster, valid TLS certificates (for API & Dashboard) which cover the following subdomains need to be provided:
* API (tls secret name is configured with `testkube-cloud-api.api.tls.tlsSecret` field)
    * `api.<your-domain>`
    * `agent.<your-domain>`
    * `websockets.<your-domain>`
* Dashboard (TLS secret name is configured with `testkube-cloud-ui.ingress.tlsSecretName` field)
    * `dashboard.<your-domain>`
      Also, `global.certificateProvider` should be set to blank ("").
```helm
global:
  certificateProvider: ""
```

### Auth

> Testkube Enterprise utilizes [Dex](https://dexidp.io/) for authentication & authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testkube Enterprise utilizes [Dex](https://dexidp.io/) for authentication and authorization.
```

For detailed instruction on configuring Dex, please refer to the [Identity Provider](./auth.md) document.

### Metrics

Testkube Enterprise exposes Prometheus metrics on the `/metrics` endpoint and uses a `ServiceMonitor` resource to expose them to Prometheus.
In order for this to work, you need to have `Prometheus Operator` installed in your cluster so that the `ServiceMonitor` resource can be created.

Use the following configuration to enable metrics:
```helm
testkube-cloud-api:
  prometheus:
    enabled: true
```

## Invitations

Testkube Enterprise allows you to invite users to Organizations and Environments within Testkube, granting them specific roles and permissions.

There are two supported invitation modes: `email` and `auto-accept`.
Use `email` to send an invitation for the user to accept, and `auto-accept` to automatically add users without requiring acceptance.

> ### Invitations via email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Invitations Via Email
```

If `testkube-cloud-api.api.inviteMode` is set to `email`, Testkube Enterprise will send emails when a user gets invited to

> an Organization or an Environment, and in that case SMTP settings need to be configured in the API Helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an Organization or an Environment and when SMTP settings need to be configured in the API Helm chart.
```

```helm
testkube-cloud-api:
  api:
    inviteMode: email
    smtp:
      host: <smtp host>
      port: <smtp port>
      username: <smtp username>
      password: <smtp password>
      # password can also be referenced by using the `passwordSecretRef` field which needs to contain the key SMTP_PASSWORD
      # passwordSecretRef: <secret name>
```

> ### Auto-accept invitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-accept Invitations
```

```

### NATS

Testkube Enterprise uses NATS as a message broker for communication between API and Agents.

If you wish to use an existing NATS instance, you can configure the following values:
```helm
nats:
  enabled: false
  
testkube-cloud-api:
  api:
    nats:
      uri: <nats uri (nats://...)>
```

### MinIO

Testkube Enterprise uses MinIO as a storage backend for storing artifacts.

If you wish to use an existing MinIO instance, you can configure the following values:
```helm
testkube-cloud-api:
  minio:
    enabled: false
  api:
    minio: {} # check out the `testkube-cloud-api.api.minio` block in the values.yaml for all available settings
```

### Dex

Testkube Enterprise uses Dex as an identity provider.

If you wish to use an existing Dex instance, you can configure the following values:
```helm
global:
  dex:
    issuer: <dex issuer url>
dex:
  enabled: false
testkube-cloud-api:
  api:
    oauth: {} # check out the `testkube-cloud-api.api.oauth` block in the values.yaml for all available settings
```

## Installation

1. Add our Testkube Enterprise Helm registry:
    ```bash
    helm repo add testkubeenterprise https://kubeshop.github.io/testkube-cloud-charts
    ```

> 2. Create a `values.yaml` with preferred configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a `values.yaml` with preferred configuration.
```

> 3. Run `helm install testkube-enterprise testkubeenterprise/testkube-enterprise -f values.yaml --namespace testkube-enterprise`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `helm install testkube-enterprise testkubeenterprise/testkube-enterprise -f values.yaml --namespace testkube-enterprise`.
```

**IMPORTANT**
The Bitnami MongoDB Helm chart does not work reliably on ARM architectures. If you are installing MongoDB using this chart, you need to use an ARM compatible image:
```helm
mongodb:
  image:
    repository: zcube/bitnami-compat-mongodb
    tag: "6.0.5"
```

> ### Minimal setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Minimal Setup
```

This is a minimal setup which will install a development Testkube Enterprise cluster with the following components:
* Testkube Enterprise API
* Testkube Enterprise Dashboard
* MongoDB
* NATS
* Dex

This setup should not be used in production environments. For a more advanced setup please refer to the [Production Setup](#production-setup) section.

> Following configuration can be used for a minimal development setup of Testkube Enterprise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration can be used for a minimal development setup of Testkube Enterprise:
```

```helm
global:
  domain: <your domain>
  imagePullSecrets:
    - name: <docker creds secret>
  licenseKey: <your license key>
  ingress:
    enabled: false

dex:
  configTemplate:
    additionalConfig: |
      enablePasswordDB: true
      staticPasswords:
        - email: <user email>
          hash: <bcrypt hash of user password>
          username: <username>
```

> ### Production setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Production Setup
```
